add some UTC clarification for timestamps (#189)
elixir-ecto/myxql: README.md

If you're using MyXQL geometry types with Ecto and need to for example accept a WKT format as user
input, consider implementing an [custom Ecto type](https://hexdocs.pm/ecto/Ecto.Type.html).

## UTC required

> DateTime expects all communication with MySQL take place in UTC. If MySQL is configured to a different time zone,
> UTC mode will need to be manually enabled.
> 
> ```elixir
> MyXQL.start_link(after_connect: &MyXQL.query!(&1, "SET time_zone = '+00:00'"))
> ```
> or when configuring at the Ecto.Repo level
> 
> ```elixir
> after_connect: {MyXQL, :query!, ["SET time_zone = '+00:00'", []]}
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
When using `DateTime` type, MyXQL assumes the server is configured with the UTC time
zone. If that is not the case, set it manually with `MyXQL.start_link/1` and
`:after_connect` option:

```elixir
MyXQL.start_link(after_connect: &MyXQL.query!(&1, "SET time_zone = '+00:00'"))
```

or when configuring `Ecto.Repo`:

```elixir
config :myapp, MyApp.Repo,
  after_connect: {MyXQL, :query!, ["SET time_zone = '+00:00'", []]}
```
````
